Additional Fixed Speed Costing Option (#3576)
valhalla/valhalla: docs/api/turn-by-turn/api-reference.md

| `country_crossing_penalty` | A penalty applied for a country crossing. This penalty can be used to create paths that avoid spanning country boundaries. The default penalty is 0. |
| `shortest` | Changes the metric to quasi-shortest, i.e. purely distance-based costing. Note, this will disable all other costings & penalties. Also note, `shortest` will not disable hierarchy pruning, leading to potentially sub-optimal routes for some costing models. The default is `false`. |
| `top_speed` | Top speed the vehicle can go. Also used to avoid roads with higher speeds than this value. `top_speed` must be between 10 and 252 KPH. The default value is 140 KPH. |

> | `fixed_speed` | Fixed speed the vehicle can go. Used to override the calculated speed. Can be useful if speed of vehicle is known. `fixed_speed` must be between 0 and 252 KPH. The default value is 0 KPH. If not set it will default to using the calculated speed based on the roadways. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fixed_speed` | Fixed speed the vehicle can go. Used to override the calculated speed. Can be useful if speed of vehicle is known. `fixed_speed` must be between 1 and 252 KPH. The default value is 0 KPH which disables fixed speed and falls back to the standard calculated speed based on the road attribution. |
```
